When we go into the create new game, we will need to record, date, time, location, opponent, the game duration split into halves. At this point we will assign players to their numbers/roles. It is probably better to have a section where we can create the playing positions as some players may shift positions during a game. We need a start/stop function. Once the game starts, the players on the pitch (so we need to be able to record who's on the pitch and the substitutions) should have a timer (only down to the minute) so that we can track how long someone has been on the pitch. We then need buttons to the right that the user can tap when the player carries something out. The main criteria will be every carry with the ball into contact, offload, tackle, kick, run, try scored, conversion kick attempted/succeeded, penalty against the player, sin bin, sending off (these can be viewed as a yellow and red card). It would be great to track tackle bursts and meters gained so we can see who's making the most yards over the course of a game. These will need to be recorded on a per tap basis, with each tap on the button logging one to the over all, i.e one tap per tackle so that we can just tap rather than having to tap in, remove the figure and add the new. We need to see the overall scores in realtime too. Take all this in consideration with the first request and provide a step by step on how to create this in extreme detail, include the platform in which to build and deploy this. We need this to be as free as possible and low/no code also as a non-expert will be carrying this out. 

I need to be able to amend the UI to so that this can be deployed across a number of clubs. And it needs to be easily maintained and developed for future requriements. We also need a dashboard area in which we can visually see stats from each game, selected games, stats on players, stats on all the captured data, so that it can also be reviewed at the end of the year. We need a section to record players of the match for each game (maybe a comment on this as well) so that we can track this throughout the year to assist our "player of the year" selection. It would also be good to have a QR code that can link into this app and the game in play, so that spectators can vote for their best players and their reasoning. This will then feed into the overall stats. 

It needs the very detailed step by step on how to create, and deploy to an appstore, both apple and android if possible, but feel free to focus on the most easy platform to create and deploy to
